Stable sessions docs (#11352)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/node.mdx

@astrojs/node can be configured by passing options into the adapter function. The following options are available:

### `mode`
<p>
**Type:** `'middleware' | 'standalone'` <br />

> </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Default:** 'middleware' </br>
</p>
```
or undefined? and required?

Author: Good question! I'm not sure what the default is. I'll check.

Author: PL, there is no default. It's a required option.

Controls whether the adapter builds to `middleware` or `standalone` mode.

* `middleware` mode allows the built output to be used as middleware for another Node.js server, like Express.js or Fastify.

> * `standalone` mode builds to server that automatically starts with the entry module is run. This allows you to more easily deploy your build to a host without any additional code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `standalone` mode builds to a server that automatically starts with the entry module is run. This allows you to more easily deploy your build to a host without any additional code.
```
is there a missing word here?

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's because I'm not a native speaker, but in this sentence another thing sounds odd to me: `starts with the entry module is run`, shouldn't it be `when` instead of `with`?

Author: You're right, @ArmandPhilippot. It should be something like this:
```suggestion
* `standalone` mode builds a server that automatically starts when the entry module is run. This allows you to more easily deploy your build to a host without needing additional code.
```
